hey guys welcome back to flicks recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we're
covering 2010's rom-com movie she's out
of my league before we start be sure to
drop a like leave a comment and of
course subscribe to flix recap if you
dig the summary and as a disclaimer this
video contains my own personal analysis
and commentary it's not a substitute to
watching the film itself links to
purchase the film are in the description
below alright let's do it the movie
opens with the lovestruck kirk
practicing his lines in front of his
friends in an attempt to get back with
his ex-girlfriend marnie
steiner kirk's friend simply tells him
that marnie is a [ __ ] while jack makes
a mockery out of kirk and says that he's
a man moodle and that no girl would want
to be intimate with him we see kirk
trying to convince marnie to come back
to him however he gets interrupted by
his family and marnie breaks it to kirk
that she's in a relationship with his
brother ron shattering his heart into
tiny pieces
hopeless and out of love we catch kirk
in the airport all heads turn towards
molly played by alice eve praising her
beauty and aura as she walks into the
airport
and that's when kirk meets molly for the
first time both working in the tsa
they make small talk right after kirk
presents himself as the proverbial
knight in shining armor by saving her
from an awkward encounter with some
other security guard
molly thanks kirk and catches her flight
leaving her phone behind patty a friend
of molly's calls her phone and kirk
picks up informing her that he has her
phone
molly and patty are both definitely
relieved and molly invites kirk to an
event that she's hosting
just a little nervous kirk goes to the
event with his friend davon he meets
with molly and returns her phone
she quickly thanks him and rushes to
manage the event
kirk still anxious ends up in a bit of a
scuffle with the owner of the museum and
eventually gets thrown out of the party
after finding out what happened molly
feels extremely sorry for kirk so to
make up for it molly invites kirk and
his friend to a hockey game
after hearing and seeing all this kirk's
friends catch on that molly is into him
but kirk laughs it off saying that some
bombshell like molly wouldn't choose a
guy like him
we love to see the nice guy complex here
classic
their conversation gets interrupted by
marnie who says that she wants to go to
branson with kirk's family but doesn't
want things to be awkward
this is a subtle hint that kirk
shouldn't go with them to which kirk
agrees
the next day molly and kirk have a great
time watching the hockey game
molly goes with stainer to buy some
drinks leaving patty and kirk behind
patti lets on that molly is actually
into kirk which comes across as a
surprise to absolutely nobody except
kirk who is somehow in disbelief still
kirk looks like he might sweep up a w
here the next day kirk still in
disbelief is out with his friends
bowling blatantly denying the fact that
molly is interested in him and that's
when telepathy works its magic
as luck or love might have it kirk
receives a call from molly right then he
picks up nervously and she invites kirk
on a dinner date leaving kirk even more
nervous than before the next scene shows
molly shopping with patty for the date
here we get a bit more character
development when patty suggests to molly
that kirk is actually not even her type
and in reality she's only looking
forward to dating him because he's a
safe option
molly doesn't disagree and continues to
look around for dresses
here i'm suspecting that patty must be
hatching some sort of scheme
as nervous as kirk is the date actually
goes pretty smoothly kirk starts getting
mistaken for a waiter by the people at
the restaurant based on his wardrobe
selections but it turns out to be a
hilarious and charming turn of events
and both of them end up enjoying the
time they spend together
things do however get a little awkward
when molly's ex kim also mistakes kirk
as the waiter and molly is then kind of
forced to introduce the two
aside from their uncomfortable encounter
with kim kirk and molly have great fun
in fact after the date kirk tells his
friends that he invited molly to a
family dinner on sunday
later sunday night at the dinner table
everyone seems really surprised that
kirk has landed a girl this pretty
awkwardly kirk's ex-girlfriend marnie is
eating dinner with them too and things
get even more uncomfortable for marnie
when kirk's mom invites molly to the
trip to branson
marnie loses her cool and blurts out
that she dated kirk in the past getting
possessive with molly the lack of
self-esteem shown by these characters is
kind of boggling to me
after the dinner molly takes kirk to her
place they have a very soft
introspective conversation about their
dreams the future and kirk tells molly
how he wants to be a pilot
after this heart to heart they start to
get intimate until kirk
shoots his shot a little early
worse molly's dad shows up
talking about dreams while living in a
nightmare sorry kirk
out of nowhere marnie shows up the next
day wanting to patch things up with kirk
kirk doesn't even think twice about it
but he's mainly worried about last
night's incident with molly
molly on the other hand has ghosted kirk
and isn't picking up his calls at the
same time kirk's friends give him
varying opinions on the situation and
eventually kirk decides to speak to
molly face to face on davin's advice
kirk decides to show up to an event that
molly is hosting
molly confronts kirk for suddenly
rushing out of her place and not even
greeting her father to which kirk has to
tell her the hilarious truth as to why
he suddenly left
molly just laughs it off and forgives
kirk and they make up
the next scene shows kirk and his
friends discussing kirk's relationship
and everyone is super ecstatic about it
slinging suggestions left and right jack
advises kirk to take things up a notch
and try to score with molly and davin
decides to help kirk prep his game face
molly on the other hand throws her
sister a party and invites kirk kirk
runs into kim at the party and they both
indulge in conversation after kim
apologizes for the other night where he
mistook kirk for a waiter
both seem to get along pretty well when
kim jokingly mentions to kirk that molly
has a defect and that he should try not
to laugh or react to it
later that night molly brings kirk to
her home giving him butterflies in his
stomach as they're about to get intimate
kirk becomes self-conscious about his
body in reaction to this molly shows
kirk her defect
tiny toes
kirk blurts out saying that she's just a
little far from perfect
wrong answer
molly and kirk get into an argument and
things get heated when the two start
fighting about molly lying to her
parents about kirk being a pilot when in
reality he's a guard
kirk responds to this by saying that
they don't match up since he's a solid 5
and she is a firm 10.
molly chases kirk but kirk doesn't
listen and just leaves her place
the next day kirk is at the airport
branson bound and in a manner of total
shame we see that he's back with marnie
steiner decides to play cupid between
molly and kirk and calls paddy to bring
molly to the airport
at the same time he tries to connect
with kirk on the plane and lift up his
self-esteem
jack who is a mechanic works to delay
the flight so molly can board it by
creating some classic misdirection
molly and steiner run towards the plane
while kirk runs out of the plane both
meeting in the middle
molly confesses her feelings and they
passionately kiss each other and as the
film ends we see kirk flying a plane
with molly beside him feeling the
freedom he always thought he would while
flying
she's out of my league is a must-watch
movie for rom-com lovers it's a sweet
and heartwarming movie which deals with
the issue of self-esteem while
maintaining a lighter humorous vibe a
magnetic passion that the two total
opposites can feel towards each other
and the motivation to be a better
version of oneself be sure to drop a
like if you dug the summary and
subscribe to the channel so that you
don't miss the next recap until next
time